{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh14080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <div class="content">\
  <h1>Gigs</h1>\
  <p>\
click on event for more detail \
  </p>\
  <!-- Embedded Google Calendar -->\
  <iframe src="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?height=600&wkst=1&bgcolor=%23D81B60&ctz=America%2FChicago&mode=AGENDA&showPrint=0&title=nzGigs&showNav=0&showDate=0&showCalendars=0&showTabs=1&src=bmljb2xhaS56aWVsaW5za2lAZ21haWwuY29t&color=%233F51B5" style="border:solid 1px #777" width="333" height="555" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>\
</div>\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <p>\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 My primary mode of musical organization is improvisation so my work is about listening. I sift through the nostalgic pseudo-cultural junk pile of audio Americana and listen... Listen for ways to up-cycle the aural artifacts that catch my ear\'92s eye into electro-acoustic sound collages which tread the line between parody and pastiche, irony and sincerity, paradox and truth... out of which I hope to squeeze a tiny bit of meaning, self reflection, insight, fun and aesthetic pleasure.
\f0\fs24   </p>\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
<p>\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 My primary media are live performance and digital recordings which I present to the public in the form of in-person gigs and audio/video recordings disseminated through digital channels (internet, streaming, social media, etc.). In both cases I create sounds using a combination of acoustic instruments (mostly drums) played by myself and digital instruments which I\'92ve created using an object-oriented computer programming language called "Pure Data" and audio software called "VCV Rack." The computer holds the repository of \'93pseudo-cultural nostalgic junk\'94 (see vision statement) in the form of samples lifted from various sounds that were tattooed onto my brain during childhood (tv themes, commercial jingles, vocal snippets, etc) mixed with slightly less nostalgic sounds from my early creative work (back from the days when I wrote bizarre coded dots and lines on a piece of paper an tried to make other musicians translate them into sounds). These samples get processed, chopped up, slowed down, twisted, shifted, compressed, and generally mangled until they are interesting. At times I \'93play\'94 the computer by using analog-to-digital interfaces (such as midi drum pads) and at times the computer plays itself using algorithmic processes which I have created to suit my tastes. The algorithms add an element of aleatoric unpredictability to which I must react in the moment, lending the music an air of improvisational excitement.
\f0\fs24   </p>\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
<p>
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In March of 2024, I had the honor of being featured as a Soloist at MOXSonic (Missouri Experimental Sound Festival), held at the University of Central Missouri. It was an incredible experience to share my electroacoustic work with such a learned and enthusiastic audience, and the feedback was truly inspiring.
\f0\fs24   </p>\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
<p>
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Additionally, my artistic efforts were recognized and supported by esteemed institutions. In 2023, I was thrilled to receive a grant from the National Endowment for the Arts/Iowa Arts Council for my project "Decorah ArtHaus Improvisor\'92s Orchestra." This grant not only affirmed my creative vision but also provided crucial resources for its realization.
\f0\fs24   </p>\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
<p>
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Over the past three years, I've recorded seven albums of original music with five different groups, including two solo albums. It's been a journey of exploration and growth, and I'm proud of the diverse body of work that has emerged from it.
\f0\fs24   </p>\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
<p>
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
I'm deeply grateful for the opportunities to innovate, collaborate, and share my unique musical voice with the world. And I'm excited to continue pushing boundaries and exploring new horizons in my creative endeavors.
\f0\fs24   </p>\
}