{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 BohemianTypewriter;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11320\viewh11900\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Indicative of Drumming - Bio\

\fs26 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab560\sl216\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 My primary mode of musical organization is improvisation so my work is about listening. I sift through the nostalgic pseudo-cultural junk pile of audio Americana and listen... Listen for ways to up-cycle the aural artifacts that catch my ear\'92s eye into electro-acoustic sound collages which tread the line between parody and pastiche, irony and sincerity, paradox and truth... out of which I hope to squeeze a tiny bit of meaning, self reflection, insight, fun and aesthetic pleasure.\
\
My primary media are live performance and digital recordings which I present to the public in the form of in-person gigs and audio/video recordings disseminated through digital channels (internet, streaming, social media, etc.). In both cases I create sounds using a combination of acoustic instruments (mostly drums) played by myself and digital instruments which I\'92ve created using an object-oriented computer programming language called "Pure Data" and audio software called "VCV Rack." The computer holds the repository of \'93pseudo-cultural nostalgic junk\'94 (see vision statement) in the form of samples lifted from various sounds that were tattooed onto my brain during childhood (tv themes, commercial jingles, vocal snippets, etc) mixed with slightly less nostalgic sounds from my early creative work (back from the days when I wrote bizarre coded dots and lines on a piece of paper an tried to make other musicians translate them into sounds). These samples get processed, chopped up, slowed down, twisted, shifted, compressed, and generally mangled until they are interesting. At times I \'93play\'94 the computer by using analog-to-digital interfaces (such as midi drum pads) and at times the computer plays itself using algorithmic processes which I have created to suit my tastes. The algorithms add an element of aleatoric unpredictability to which I must react in the moment, lending the music an air of improvisational excitement. \
\
I am a dedicated supporter of DIY culture and grassroots collaboration. My work centers on creating and sharing music that prioritizes community and self-sufficiency, challenging the norms of mass production and commercialization. It's my goal to dismantle societal hierarchies and promote egalitarian, collective creativity. My artistic vision is rooted in the principles of mutual aid, innovation, and the empowerment of self-actualized artists and  communities. If you'd like to see a list of my accomplishments, please check out my resume.}